# I will control the night
If I have a tail
# I will control... #
- Step one.
- Mm-hm.
Cups.
Do you want me to
give you a hand? Are you sure?
No, no.
I just need a teaspoon.
Aha!
Yep. OK.
Ta da, teaspoon.
Uh... A little honey.
Honey. OK. Great.
And...
- Do you like honey?
- I do.
- OK, tell me when.
Tell me when it's good for you.
- Stop!
- OK.
Did you drink tea
before coming to Australia?
Mmm. Mmm.
Lisa used to complain that
nobody had kettles, back home.
She almost slapped me
because I tried to boil water
in the microwave.
Is this small talk?
Is this what we're
supposed to do now?
Mmm. I guess so?
I guess.
Are we being stupid?
May I? Can I borrow
that for one sec?
I'm just gonna get
the right angle
Hmm...
That's good. Can you sit up
for me a bit, please?
Thank you.
I mean,
how are we gonna tell Emma?
I don't think Emma
will have an issue
with the two of us
being together.
I feel like there's
a big problem waiting for us
around the corner.
A problem with hair.
Can you move your head
a little to the left for me?
Too much. Uh!
Perfect. Just like that.
I don't want her to get hurt.
We won't let that happen.
How do you know that?
Sorry.
Gary.
I've never done this before.
I...
I don't really know what to do.
Can I make a suggestion?
What's the harm in letting this
take the lead for a bit?
- 'Cause I might eat it.
- Mmm.
Why don't we just
enjoy each other's company.
If it doesn't work out,
at least we gave it a shot.
After all...
..a wolf needs a pack.
I didn't know
you could do this.
Don't give me
too much credit yet.
Hang on.
I just need one more second...
OK.
OK, usually I have more time
and more light.
But I hope you like it.
What do you think?
- You like it?
- Where are my arms?
Hidden behind
these two giant tits.
Dad still says
dumb things sometimes.
But not as much. It's like
she's distracting him.
And you don't like that.
No, it's fun
hanging out together.
- How did they meet?
- She crashed into our car.
- You were in another crash?
- No.
She was the one
that hit you both.
But last week,
Dad backed into her car,
and we drove into
an Italian restaurant.
YOUR dad drove
into Nonna Loretta's?
Yep.
My wife and I tried to
eat there the other night.
Why didn't you tell me
about the other car accident?
Do you feel threatened by Mary?
It's perfectly natural
to feel as though
Mary is intruding
on your space.
I myself have a step-child.
And I had to respect
Tony's boundaries
when I was courting his mother.
It's never an easy dynamic.
But I think, if Mary respects
the pre-existing boundaries
you've set up with your father,
then there...
..there shouldn't be a problem.
Look at Tony and I.
He and I work together.
And I mean that metaphorically
as well as literally.
He has a job here.
It's not working.
What do you mean by that?
I mean this.
Well, you need someone
to help you, Emma,
- and, with your problems...
- I know.
It's just I don't feel that
you're the right person
to do that.
I don't feel safe enough
to be vulnerable with you.
Can you recommend someone else?
Um...
Yes. Yes.
Tony, can you
bring the Filofax in, please?
Don't have the Filofax!
# Janey came back
from the stand
# Smiling
# With the writing
of Kafka in hand
# And a bunny in a can
# Slipping and sliding
# You feel yourself asking her
# Why would you want me to try?
# Squeezing your wrist
and she's pulling you closer
# Down where the devils
are dying with laughter
# Then led to a place where
there's no form of pleasure
# She blows you a kiss
from her lips
# She's your baby
# Those below us
cannot be renounced
# 'Cause they're talking
# And for once I wish
they'd shut up their mouths
# Lock their doors
and stay in the house
# And while you're inside there
# You might want
to question the fact
# That you're not
quite the same
# And look to the room where
she's keeping so quiet
# A million layers
of crust and deposit
# Blanket the seasons
and bury the reasons
# You told her
that this was for good
# She's your baby
I don't think we can keep
this from her any longer.
We tell her
before the next full moon.
And we bring her back here.
And if it goes badly
and she freaks out,
what does that mean
for all of us?
- We can't think that way.
- We have to.
Things have been...
been so good.
I don't want this to be
the thing that undoes us.
If we keep a secret
this big from her,
she will never forgive us.
The longer it takes,
the harder it's gonna get.
We'll be here with her.
She loves you.
We both do.
Head forward.
- You OK?
- Oh, yeah. I was, um...
I was worried about the cake.
- I can take it.
- Oh, thanks.
I can't wait
to meet your Aunt Sarah.
She's really nice.
Hello, everybody!
Hi! Mary! My god!
It's so good
to finally meet you.
Aw.
Well, we've named her.
Lisa.
You OK with that, Dad?
Yes. Yeah, of course I am.
That's amazing.
- It really suits her.
- It does.
Taco! What the fuck
is wrong with you?
Swear jar!
Well, that
was a little unusual.
- Hi, Mary. This is Olivia.
- Hi.
Come on, let's go.
Let's go in.
Olivia, fist bump.
Boom!
Did Dad tell
you about the trip?
- Trip?
- Yeah. We're going camping.
Next week,
for the school holidays.
- Mm-hm.
- Well, this is new.
Especially for someone
as outdoorsy as you.
It was her idea.
I know that.
Where are you going?
Oh, we're just going to go
somewhere we can see the stars.
I could lend you
our gear if you want.
- We haven't used it in ages.
- Oh, don't worry,
I've got
a ton of camping stuff.
- Mary's got everything.
- What am I looking at here?
The vegan ones - well you can tell which
ones they are that's pretty obvious.
The other ones are artisan
sausages from our mate.
He's a chemist.
He makes them on the side.
Hope you don't mind - I'm gonna
give the vegan ones a miss.
I'm craving meat at the moment.
You know what, me too.
Emma told us you were vegan.
Oh, I am, I am.
But you better listen
to your body.
- Baby, can you take her?
No, no, no. You guys eat.
Let me hold her.
- Come on.
- OK.
- Going to Uncle Gary...
- Oh, this is delicious.
- Thank you.
- Shh, shh.
Ooh, she likes you.
Yeah, that's only
'cause she's full of milk.
You were always
so good with babies.
I like the vegan ones.
Mummy, I need to go toilet.
Oh, God. Timing.
Ray, can you take her?
I gotta keep an eye
on the steaks.
- I can take her.
- No, Em, it's OK.
No, you really don't
want to get involved in this.
It's fine.
Hey, babe,
you want to have a hold?
Oh, no thanks.
Go on. She's all sleepy.
No, I don't want to
hold the fucking baby.
What's going on?
If all this is too much
for you, I'm happy...
I'm late.
I didn't want to tell you that.
- What?
- Yeah.
I didn't want to ruin today.
Why would it ruin it?
How late?
Like, late.
Like, late-late.
- Let's just not talk about it now.
- You brought it up.
But that's because
you kept on asking me.
Right. OK.
Wow, this is a
lot to process.
Yeah. Not now.
'Not now' as in, like, not now
at this point in your life?
Not now as in not right now, right here,
at a fucking barbeque!
- Why are you so stressed?
- Because you just don't think anything through!
Is it because we haven't
told Em about the other thing?
- They're the same thing.
- What are you talking about?
What if I bring another
werewolf into this world?
Are you serious?
Do I look like I'm joking?
We'd love it. Whatever it is,
we would obviously love it.
That's so easy for you to say.
But it's true.
I mean, there would obviously
be a lot to take into consideration,
a lot to think about.
You're not the one
that could eat our baby.
You would never eat our baby.
You wouldn't eat our baby!
Why would you eat our baby?
I wouldn't eat it as me,
but what about when I'm...
something else?
You know how bad
I would feel if I...
ate our child.
I'm late, and I'm already
eating artisan sausages
made by a fucking pharmacist.
Just because
you eat meat at a barbeque
doesn't mean you're gonna
eat a fucking child.
Think about how much
you'd resent me if I did.
You've always wanted a family.
It's something
I've always wanted too.
You've already had it.
No. I haven't.
The second Lisa was diagnosed,
it was taken from me.
Don't you think the minute Emma
finds out about me
this family's gonna
be over anyway.
I mean, it's gonna be the thing that just tips us
over the edge.
I thought you were the one
who believed that
the universe throws things
at you for a reason.
I wasn't even gonna tell you.
What are you talking about?
What does...
What does that even mean?
Wait a sec.
Please, babe, this can't...
This cannot be over. This
conversation cannot be over.
- We need to think it through...
- No.
- I can't talk about this now.
- ..all of the possibilities here...
- Not now!
- It's not a foregone conclusion...
Gary, not now. Fuck!
Swear jar!
That was a really bad word.
Mummy, $50!
Jesus! Did Uncle Gary
drop a C-bomb?
-Oh, wow. That is so impressive!
-Look at that!
It's all for you.
I don't have a sweet tooth.
Do I? I usually just make them
for the nursing home.
That's amazing. Cherries are in season.
Dad?
He's not gonna
jump in again, is he?
Sorry.
I was... miles away.
Let's dish it out.
- Yum, yes please.
- Here, sweetie.
- Thanks Mary.
Yeah, you're nursing,
you can have twice the amount.
Oh, thank you.
I know I don't need to
tell you this.
The difference
is like night and day.
Yeah. Yeah.
Did she talk to you
about anything recently?
No. But it's a good thing,
from what I can see.
Seeing her get this excited about
something as simple as going camping...
It's beautiful.
We've been planning to tell
her something on the trip.
What do you mean?
Are you getting married?
No. No, no, no.
Nothing like that.
Not that I wouldn't.
Then what?
Um... It's nothing.
Gary, don't pull one of those
faces and overthink things.
I know that's hard for you.
Don't fuck this up.
Swear jar.
Come on, guys.
We gotta get going.
-Bye!
-See you, guys.
See you next time, you four.
See you next time, you three!
Bye!
See you! Bye!
Listen, um...
I would never ask you to
do anything you don't want.
I would always
protect our baby.
But I wouldn't want to
jeopardise what we have.
Or the family
we've already become.
I can never understand
what your body goes through.
And I never will.
But I do need you to know
that I will always be there
to support you.
The three of us can be a...
..pack.
We make a pretty good pack.
Are you OK?
Watch out for that step
on the way back.
Look at her.
She loves it here.
Do you really think
that we should tell her?
I mean, she's so happy.
# Ring the bells
that still can ring
# Forget
your perfect offering... #
There's supposed to be
a full moon tomorrow.
Can we stay an extra night?
- No, sweetie.
- Why not?
Well, um...
Well, we've gotta get back
for something.
Hey, bubs... Uh...
Mary and I have something
important to tell you.
Are you breaking up?
No.
You've both been really weird.
It's not that.
Then what is it?
Mary...
Um...
Mary is... is...
Pregnant.
We're gonna have a baby.
# Forget
your perfect offering
# There is a crack,
a crack in everything
# That's how
the light gets in... #